Now, we come to the real magic in this course.
One of my favorite topics,
which is computer vision, making self driving car see.
So when you open your eyes,
then somehow magically, you understand what a coffee cup is,
what a smartphone is, what Sebastian is.
Somehow your brain doesn't tell you the raw pixel information.
It tells you all the options in the scene.
Now, self driving cars unfortunately, are bit disadvantaged.
They have a camera just like this one over here,
and the camera produces an image,
like this image over here,
and the image is a big matrix of numbers.
There's a pixel in the top left corner, that's pixel 11.
And then, the pixel next to it, pixel 21, and pixel 31,
and so on, till pixel whatever, 1024,
whatever the number is.
And each of these now have a coloration.
They have a amount of red,
an amount of blue, an amount of green.
Okay, that's all you get. Okay, so,
you won't get this nice. Oh my God!
There's obviously some reflector over here in the image,
you will get those pixel matrix.
And computer vision is all about extracting from
that vast matrix of image data the objects that you can see.
So, picture this.
Now, you got to get an image of a stop sign.
And for each of these numbers that appear,
you get the right coloration number.
And you have to see where in the image is the stop sign.
Not yourself, not your brain,
not your visual cortex,
but your piece of computer software.